[doc] interactive prompts for gen-csv (#2989)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/olm-integration/generating-a-csv.md

    * Roles: `deploy/role.yaml`
    * ClusterRoles: `deploy/cluster_role.yaml`
    * Deployments: `deploy/operator.yaml`

> 1. Path to a directory containing CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs) and Custom Resource examples (CRs).

Reviewer: Markdown will render these as increasing numbers.

2. Path to a directory containing CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs) and Custom Resource examples (CRs).
Use the `--crd-dir` flag to change this path.
    * Custom Resources: `deploy/crds/<full group>_<version>_<kind>_cr.yaml`
    * CustomResourceDefinitions: `deploy/crds/<full group>_<resource>_crd.yaml`

> 1. _For Go Operators only:_ Path to the API types root directory. The CSV generator

Reviewer: Why was this qualifier removed?

> 3. _For Go Operators only:_ Path to the API types root directory. The CSV generator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. **For Go Operators only:** Path to the API types root directory. The CSV generator
```
I would recommend use bold instead of it.

to populate certain CSV fields. By default the API types directory is `pkg/apis/`.
Use the `--apis-dir` flag to change this path. The CSV generator expects either
of the following layouts for the API types directory.
    * Mulitple groups: `<API-root-dir>/<group>/<version>/`
    * Single groups: `<API-root-dir>/<version>/`

> 4. Interactive command prompts: Operator SDK provides an option to enable the interactive command prompt feature while generating CSV. These prompts ask the user for inputs on some of the required and optional UI metadata fields of the CSV. They can be enabled or disabled using the `--interactive` flag in `operator-sdk generate csv` command. For example:

Reviewer: This should be written in the second person:
```suggestion
4. Interactive command prompts: `operator-sdk generate csv` provides the `--interactive` flag to optionally enable an interactive command prompt before generating a CSV that requests input for required and optional UI metadata fields. For example:
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```console
```

> operator-sdk generate csv  --csv-version 0.1.0 --interactive=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ operator-sdk generate csv  --csv-version 0.1.0 --interactive=true
```

INFO[0000] Generating CSV manifest version 0.1.0

Display name for the operator (required):
> memcached

Comma-separated list of keywords for your operator (required):
> app, operator
...

```

> By default, the command checks for the existence of base CSV in the bundle directory and prompts the user for inputs if the base CSV is not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the command starts an interactive prompt if some base CSV is not present, either in the destination directory or a package manifests directory named with version `--from-version=<version>`.
```
